I spent a lot of time for you
I just put it I just blocked in so
called butterfly weed and now when you
put me in it's called monarda fistulas I
can't remember company for it but it's
another it's an actor plan hummingbirds
will feel and hummingbird malls and also
when you paint it's all that shape is
pretty big shapes of collar down
I had a three-year-old think this right
okay cheeping tonight yeah it's truly a
community effort yeah and the energy
that everyone brings into the room is
really it is incorporated into the house
that's one of the things about mural
painting it's definitely there's a group
dynamic around
are these also outlined in charcoal I
know he's on the sideline sometimes I
outline things into our home just to see
the placement and then I'll do and then
once i have that i cants organically
rough things in and i change it but i
like to just do it i go back and forth
when there's something I specifically
want to include you know as a focal
point or off all chocolate in because
it's going to be more crisply realized
so the placements a little bit more
crucial but when is more sort of
impressions to feel the things I'll do
it more by feel
plants really create the structure of
you know the environment and of course
as we know that temperate zone like your
changes which is so when these we're all
nuts the height of activity
so we are right now in a backyard yeah
this is the backyard at the edge of a
woodland and its backyard in which the
people who tended her on it have allowed
and a lot for and created an implanted a
lot of our native species to support
that most pieces of plans to support
obviously the plants themselves and the
animals depend on so that we have a nice
healthy ecosystem and right now here we
are in june or early july yeah this is
june an xor had the time to dress from
one side of the pathway to the other so
that this is more of june things that
are blooming in june and this is more
into july just to show progression
through the season and have a lot of
pretty total walk ever
so once I have all the plants in place
I'll start out continue adding
butterflies and birds and insects and
maybe an hour or two but they tend to be
nocturnal obvious we'll have more signs
of them actual plants like we went out
some are footprints in the pond that's
beautiful
it looks so easy but there's so much
study going into it yes so all the
pictures we have here they would be
referring to something that you want to
yeah I flicked yeah i've been using this
for drawing you're just laying at this
particular area this is more so moist
woodland edge plants here and this will
be the dryer it's more cell exposed yeah
more sign in torrance to drier
conditions which we have andys oppland
because it's sort of held that you know
looks the hardware really is what we
have and dom and they said they tend to
be it's for we have sort of sandy dry
soils around here so you want to do well
there we have a great range here on
Milan which is most I find really
exciting it's been really exciting look
Nina doing the research phase oh got
more and more of appreciation for
you